I prefer not to show a partner how I feel deep down.
I worry about being abandoned.
I am very comfortable being close to romantic partners.
I worry a lot about my relationships.
Just when my partner starts to get close to me I find myself pulling away.
I worry that romantic partners wont care about me as much as I care about them.
I get uncomfortable when a romantic partner wants to be very close.
I worry a fair amount about losing my partner.
I don't feel comfortable opening up to romantic partners.
I often wish that my partner's feelings for me were as strong as my feelings for him/her.
I want to get close to my partner, but I keep pulling back.
I often want to merge completely with romantic partners, and this sometimes scares them away.
I am nervous when partners get too close to me.
I worry about being alone.
I feel comfortable sharing my private thoughts and feelings with my partner.
My desire to be very close sometimes scares people away.
I try to avoid getting too close to my partner.
I need a lot of reassurance that I am loved by my partner.
I find it relatively easy to get close to my partner.
Sometimes I feel that I force my partners to show more feeling, more commitment.
I find it difficult to allow myself to depend on romantic partners.
I do not often worry about being abandoned.
I prefer not to be too close to romantic partners.
If I can't get my partner to show interest in me, I get upset or angry.
I tell my partner just about everything.
I find that my partner(s) don't want to get as close as I would like.
I usually discuss my problems and concerns with my partner.
When I'm not involved in a relationship, I feel somewhat anxious and insecure.
I feel comfortable depending on romantic partners.
I get frustrated when my partner is not around as much as I would like.
I don't mind asking romantic partners for comfort, advice, or help.
I get frustrated if romantic partners are not available when I need them.
It helps to turn to my romantic partner in times of need.
When romantic partners disapprove of me, I feel really bad about myself.
I turn to my partner for many things, including comfort and reassurance.
I resent it when my partner spends time away from me.